♪♪
♪ I'm seeing lots of spots ♪
♪ Plenty of polka dots ♪
♪ Get those puppies! ♪
♪ Can't catch
a furry flurry ♪
♪ Running in a blurry hurry ♪
♪ Get those puppies! ♪
♪ 1-0-1 ♪
♪ Canines on the run ♪
♪ Them doggone dogs are fun ♪
♪ 1-0-1 ♪
♪ Without fail you'll wind up
chasing your tail ♪
♪ What's the harm
in revelrous adventures ♪
♪
♪ 1-0-1 ♪
♪ Life's just a bed of roses ♪
♪ Fast friends
with cold, wet noses ♪
-♪ 1-0-1 ♪
-♪ Through thick, thin,
push and pull ♪
♪ It's 1-0-1
oh wonderful! ♪
♪ Just tons of fun ♪
♪ 101 Dalmatians! ♪
Arggh!
Where are all those
brilliant ideas I always steal?
Arrgggh!
Oh, that feels better.
Spring already and I still
haven't come up with a new line!
Easter eggs, bunnies,
baseball allergies.
Allergies?
That's it!
Hmmm!
Memo to myself: I'll call it
the Pollen Pullover.
Wait, I tried that.
3,000 women were attacked
by love-crazed bees.
Oh, it's no use,
I feel empty, dried up.
I've got to get out of these
four walls and get fresh ideas!
Ahem! Here are
my sketches,
Cruella.
I wanted to drop
them off before
leaving town. Bye!
Leaving town?
What are you talking about?
My vacation.
We've known about it
for a year.
Vacation
Hmm. Oh, here it is.
Vacation. "Time taken off
from employment for recreation."
Often followed immediately
by termination.
Why didn't you say so, Anita?
We can skip the vacation.
I'll terminate you
right now.
But I don't want
to lose my job.
I want to spend time
with my family,
to recharge
my batteries
and come back
to work refreshed
with new ideas.
New ideas?
What a wonderful notion!
Of course you can have
a vacation.
On one condition.
Thanks, Lucky.
Isn't this great?
Our first vacation.
A chance for adventure
and exciting new places.
I see it as
a spiritual
pilgrimage,
traveling further
on my journey
to a perfect
Zen-like state.
Om!
Thanks, Cadpig!
Huh?
I don't care
what state we're in.
Roger: Rolly?!
As long as I get to sample
the local food.
Kibble con carne,
kibble and grits,
kibble kraut!
Sweet-and-sour kibble!
Come on, guys, let's go
get some of our stuff
to take on vacation.
Oh! This trip is gonna
be so romantic.
I can't wait to see
her face.
Anita hasn't figured out
the surprise, has she?
No, she doesn't even
have a clue!
She still thinks we're
going to go see
the Biddleburg Bivalves
in spring training.
Now, don't say anything.
I want to tell her
at just the right time.
Aaah! That darn latch!
Ugggh!
Anyway, it'll be fun.
Just the two of us traveling
the highways and byways.
Huh?
Roger,
about the trip...
Okay, okay, okay.
This trip is really
not about the Bivalves.
It's not?
But you said it meant
so much to you.
Well, not as much
as our anniversary.
Two weeks from today,
we're going to end our trip
at the church
where we were married.
To renew our wedding vows.
Anita Dearly, will you
marry me again?
I will marry you again,
Roger Dearly.
We'll drop the top,
see the sights,
and stay at honeymoon suites
all across the country.
Come on, let's get started.
What a wonderful way
to celebrate
our anniversary.
Sorry, guys, but
this trip is just
for the two of us.
Right, Roger,
about that...
I know what you're
gonna say.
-And you're right.
We should take Perdy
and Pongo.
They did bring us together
and it's their honeymoon, too.
Actually, I was going
to say --
I know, I know...
We'll need more room.
Look, we're taking
the big car!
I wondered how we were all
gonna fit in the convertible.
Hey, you guys aren't going.
Come on, guys, out.
Roger, I really
have to talk to you.
We need to make room
for someone else.
It would be terrible
to celebrate Pongo
and Perdy's marriage
by breaking up
their family.
But there's only room for Pongo
and Perdita's pups.
Whoa! Hey!
Actually, Roger,
while we're making
room for more...
Oh, no, absolutely not!
Well, I guess that's
everything.
Actually...
Huh?
What?
Surprise?
Anita, Rudolph,
let's get going.
Huh?
No way!
This is our second honeymoon.
Why does it always
have to be about you?
You've already had
one honeymoon.
Anita and I need
a working vacation
to find inspiration
in the great outdoors
for my new spring line.
And we'll need someone
to drive, so you can
come along, too, Rupture.
Now, Roger.
Forget it!
Roger, please,
I didn't have
any choice.
It was this
or be fired.
But this
is a romantic getaway!
Well, how was
I supposed to know?
You told me we were going
to see the Bicuspids.
That's Bivalves!
I was trying
to surprise you.
Well, surprise!
Let's get going!
Arrrggh!
Well, at least
you packed light.
I always do.
Cruella: I'm only bringing
the west wing.
Huh?
Well, Nanny, you might
as well hop on, too.
Oh, no! This second honeymoon
is crowded enough already.
Uh, ta-ta!
Climb in, Spot.
There's room for one more.
Uh, no, thanks.
Chickens have road issues,
like crossing them.
Okay.
Don't forget to write!
It's going
to be so nice
without the pups.
Think of all
the poultry fun
we can have together.
Uh, what did you have
in mind, mom?
Oh, we'll have
a marvelous time!
Sitting on eggs
and clucking
mindlessly about
sitting on eggs.
And sitting on eggs
some more
and sitting
on some eggs
and clucking...
Aaaah! Wait for me!
Aaaaaaah!
Anita: Uh, Roger, I think
Wizzer needs to...
Roger: I know, I know!
Roger: Wizzer! Again?
Anita: Uh, Roger.
Roger: Okay, okay!
Cruella: Not one more stop!
We're on a schedule.
Stop this bus!
Somebody get me
a change of shoes!
Yes! Oh, that's it,
that's it!
It just cries,
"Pull over,
I'm coming through!"
I'll call it
"Road Sign Wear,
for women
in the fast lane."
I must put this into
production immediately!
Cruella, not again!
Oh, the copy's too light!
Floor it, Ringworm!
This is a bus, not a business.
Some vacation!
Roger, let's just try
to make the best of it.
At least we're together.
And you'll still get
to see your baseball team.
Yeah, and we'll get to renew
our wedding vows, too.
Oh, Roger,
I can hardly wait.
Enough! Anita,
time to create!
Rugrat, drive!
Thanks to Cruella,
we're taking the scenic route
of Rolly's big butt.
I'm not fat!
Yeah, we haven't been
off this bus for hours.
Shh!
Don't mind Cruella.
What's our first stop?
First, I thought we'd stop
at Lover's Caverns,
then on to
Main Squeeze Falls --
Cruella: Just a minute,
Rollbar.
This is a working vacation,
and your ideas just aren't
working for me.
Here's my itinerary.
Ahem! First, stop at
the birthplace of Dr. Lipo,
the inventor of liposuction,
whom I worship.
Then to the Ultimate Mall
of the Rich and Famous
to shop, shop, shop!
Forget it.
Cruella, you may have
butted in on our trip,
but this is still
a second honeymoon
and we're going to do
the romantic things we want!
Oh, Root Beer,
that is so sweet!
No!
Yes!
-Roger: Yes!
-Cruella: No!
Cruella: Yes!
I'm gettin' nowhere fast.
I'll never catch up
with that bus.
Oh, goodie!
How'd you get out?
Huh? Yaaah!
Welcome aboard!
Boy, are you lucky we stopped.
I'll say.
I'm in a hurry to get someplace.
Where is this crate headed?
To the happy place!
all: Pluck Pluck Plucky Farms!
Plucky Farms?
Where is that?
What exactly do you
do at Plucky Farms
to make you so happy?
Who knows? Chickens
are so happy there,
they never come back!
That sounds fishy.
No, that's
a different truck.
Ah, I got a bad
feeling about this.
Are you sure you
know what you're
talking about?
We'll know soon enough.
We're almost there.
Aaaaah!
We haven't gotten to see
anything we wanna see.
Right, Rolly?
Rolly?
I think the pups wanna stop.
At a dog food factory?
Over my dead body.
Close enough.
Rolly: Golly,
it's Klaus von Kibble,
the inventor of the
meat-flavored filler byproduct.
He came to this country in 1872
with nothing but cornmeal
and a dream.
Welcome to the tastiest place
on earth.
Follow me, and I'll show you
how we make it.
During the tour, please, refrain
from marking any territory.
Ohhh!
guide: As you can see,
we only use
the freshest ingredients
in Kanine Krunchies.
Oh, I have a question!
When you made batch
number 4586 last year,
there was a slight
hint of curry
in the special
pedigree mix.
Were you secretly
experimenting with
a new flavor combo?
That wasn't curry,
that was chromium.
One of the workers
dropped their wrist watch
in the shredder.
Oh, I wondered why I belched up
that watch face.
I thought it was a prize.
guide: On our right
is the tasting room.
What a job!
98, 99...
100.
Somebody's missing.
Rolly: No, no!
Sanctuary!
Spot: This truck is
a link in the food chain.
And you're the food!
B-but you're saying our whole
belief system is a lie?
Gee, how do I put this?
Yes!
I'm telling you, Plucky Farms
isn't a happy place,
it's a slaughterhouse!
I'm sure that's a typo.
Take the "s" off and it says
"laughterhouse."
Sounds happy to me.
Doesn't it, guys?
Stop! Don't panic!
Make up your mind!
Don't be happy,
don't panic?
Pick a mood!
All we have to do
to free ourselves is stop
this truck of terror.
How do we
do that?
We disconnect the trailer
from the cab.
Uh, any volunteers to climb
under the truck
and disengage the hitch?
Great!
Now, that's teamwork.
Aaaaah!
I could have been clucking
mindlessly with mom
right about now, but no!
I'm stuck in here with a bunch
of mindless chickens.
I should have stayed in bed.
You've done it, Spot!
We're going right past
Plucky Farms!
And right into that restaurant!
man: Welcome to Clucky's.
Uh, yeah, one gizzards
in a gravy boat,
a Plucky Plate combo meal,
and a Friar Cluck Club.
That'll be $47.53.
Please pull up
to the service desk.
Thanks
for your order.
Keep on cluckin'!
(Spot screeching,
chickens squawking)
Holy chimichanga!
Move your drumsticks!
How fresh is your chicken?
Aw, jeez, now that's fresh.
Spot: The Dearlys.
They were here.
I wonder why they were here.
Only chicken eaters stop here.
Oh, that is sick!
Roger: Next stop,
Main Squeeze Falls,
whether you like it or not.
Cruella: A waterfall?!
I can't stop there
without hairspray.
Cruella: Jasper,
pull up alongside
and pass me
the Cruella Sheen.
Aaaah!
Hang out farther!
Uh, Cruella, the exit
is coming up.
Huh?
Oh, Roger,
it's beautiful.
It is, isn't it?
Even Cruella can't ruin
a moment like this.
All this moisture is making
my nasal cavities
back up with mucus.
There's a turnoff.
Maybe it will take us
to the falls.
to an emergency room.
Jasper: This must be the way.
We'll just follow that water.
Big smiles, everybody.
This is the last shot
on the roll.
Hold it, Rhubarb!
This lighting is too good
to waste on someone
with no bone structure.
Your last shot should be of me.
I'm taking a picture
of my family!
It's all right,
go ahead and shoot her.
I'd love to.
I meant with the camera.
Some second honeymoon
this is turning out to be.
Anita: Now, Roger,
remember our vows,
for better or worse.
This is, you know, worse.
Yeah... Vows?
The church.
I forgot
to call ahead!
I'll take care of that
while you take
care of Cruella.
Couldn't be.
Oh, yeah, got it.
Let's go.
That was not my best side.
It's the one I like best:
doesn't have a mouth.
Ugggh!
You're not going
to process that!
Those were
our vacation pictures!
All right, that is it.
I have had it!
Ever since you...
No more!
Yaaaaaah!
woman: Saint Walt's Chapel.
This is Anita Dearly.
My husband and I want to renew
our vows in 10 days.
Say, will Reverend Skankerelli
be available?
Oh, Skankerelli?
He isn't a minister.
He's not?
What is he?
Well, a con man mostly.
He passes himself off
as all sorts of people.
A plumber, an orthodontist,
a supermodel.
But he performed our wedding.
He said a bunch of words
and charged a lot of money,
but it wasn't a wedding.
Sorry to tell you this, ma'am,
but you're not married.
Roger,
I have terrible news!
Be, uh...
Be right with you, hon.
You got three more stamps?
Roger, what are you doing?
I was gonna send her
first-class.
So, what's the news?
We're not legally married.
I called the church.
The minister was a fake.
Well, don't worry.
All it means is,
instead of renewing our vows,
we'll get married for real.
Cruella: Hmm!
I don't like that look.
What's she up to?
You know, this will be
even more romantic.
How many couples get
to have two weddings?
Hello, is this
the Grutely County Clerk?
Yes, one small question:
what would happen
if the deed to the Dearly farm
is made out
to Mr. and Mrs. Dearly
when there isn't
a Mr. and Mrs. Dearly?
It would be invalid?
Oh, wonderful!
I mean, that's terrible!
There's a grace period?
If they get married within
ten days, the deed is valid?
Oh, that's terrible.
I mean, wonderful.
All I have to do is make
sure the Dearlys don't get
to the church on time,
and their farm
is as good as mine.
Memo to myself:
Ha ha ha ha ha!